Fix curly brace and interpolated string (#57751)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/compilers/CSharp/Compiler Breaking Changes - DotNet 7.md

        if (i is { Length: -1 }) {} // error: impossible under assumption of non-negative length
    }
    ```

> 5. Starting with Visual Studio 17.1, format specifiers in interpolated strings can not contain curly braces. In previous versions `}}` were interpreted as an escaped `}` char in the format specifier. Now the first `}` char in a format specifier ends the interpolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Starting with Visual Studio 17.1, format specifiers in interpolated strings can not contain curly braces (either `{` or `}`). In previous versions `{{` was interpreted as an escaped `{` and `}}` was interpreted as an escaped `}` char in the format specifier. Now the first `}` char in a format specifier ends the interpolation, and any `{` char is an error.
```

> 5. Starting with Visual Studio 17.1, format specifiers in interpolated strings can not contain curly braces (either `{` or `}`). In previous versions `{{` was interpreted as an escaped `{` and `}}` was interpreted as an escaped `}` char in the format specifier. Now the first `}` char in a format specifier ends the interpolation, and any `{` char is an error.

Reviewer: @333fred do we specify a VS version?  or a compiler/lang version?

Author: AFAIK the old behaviour is a spec violation which we do not want to preserve - so I think the VS version is fine

Reviewer: I'm not sure the relation though.  This compiler change will happen regardless of VS version.

Reviewer 2: We specify VS version.
